What to know about masturbation and testosterone by Janet Briho
https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/325418

You get 45% more testosterone when you don’t masturbate for a week by Men's Health
https://www.menshealth.com/uk/health/a758420/you-get-45-more-testosterone-when-you-dont-masturbate-for-a-week/

https://www.quora.com/Which-vitamins-and-nutrients-do-you-lose-from-male-ejaculation
https://www.reddit.com/r/pornfree

Age of First Exposure to Pornography Shapes Men's Attitudes Toward Women by Jim Sliwa
https://www.apa.org/news/press/releases/2017/08/pornography-exposure

Does Watching Porn Cause Divorce? It’s Complicated By Lauren Vinopal
https://www.fatherly.com/health-science/watching-porn-can-cause-divorce/#:~:text=Couples%20who%20start%20watching%20porn,hiding%20it%20from%20your%20spouse.

Divorce Lawyers Say This Is Why Marriages Are Falling Apart by Monica Gabriel Marshall
https://verilymag.com/2017/07/causes-of-divorce-effects-of-watching-pornography

Divorce rates double when people start watching porn By David Shultz
https://www.sciencemag.org/news/2016/08/divorce-rates-double-when-people-start-watching-porn

In 2018 Porn Is An Industry: And It’s Not Sex That’s Being Sold, It’s Abuse by Tom Farr
https://medium.com/@tom_farr/in-2018-porn-is-an-industry-and-its-not-sex-that-s-being-sold-it-s-abuse-f1bfefdda520

The Porn Industry Is Abusive, and These Women Are Telling It Like It Is by MARY ROSE SOMARRIBA
https://verilymag.com/2015/08/porn-industry-playboy-mansion-sex-trafficking-belle-knox-rashida-jones-holly-madison

Effects of Pornography on Marriage
http://marripedia.org/effects_of_pornography_on_marriage

A Wide Range of Infidelity Statistics
http://www.infidelityassistance.com/infidelity_statistics.php

Sexually transmitted infections in the pornography industry
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sexually_transmitted_infections_in_the_pornography_industry

Prevention and Control of Sexually Transmitted Infections and HIV in the Adult Film Industry
https://www.apha.org/policies-and-advocacy/public-health-policy-statements/policy-database/2014/07/28/15/23/prevention-and-control-of-sexually-transmitted-infections-and-hiv-in-the-adult-film-industry#:~:text=STD%20and%20HIV%20outbreaks%20have,of%20those%20being%20among%20women.

Can Pornography Trigger Depression? by Kevin B Skinner
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/inside-porn-addiction/201111/can-pornography-trigger-depression

Is my sex life normal? Understanding the hallmarks and causes of sex addiction by Lisa McCafferty
https://thriveworks.com/blog/understanding-sex-addiction-loneliness/#:~:text=What%20Causes%20Sex%20Addiction%3F,%2C%20anxiety%2C%20and%20suicidal%20thoughts.&text=These%20are%20the%20people%20who%20are%20indeed%20lonely%20all%20the%20time.

4 Ways Porn Use Causes Problems by Grant Hilary Brenner
https://www.psychologytoday.com/intl/blog/experimentations/201803/4-ways-porn-use-causes-problems

Frequent masturbation lowers testosterone utilization in rats https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Alonso_Fernandez-Guasti/publication/6536830_Relationship_between_Sexual_Satiety_and_Brain_Androgen_Receptors/links/54b6c2970cf2e68eb27f0321/Relationship-between-Sexual-Satiety-and-Brain-Androgen-Receptors.pdf

Three weeks of abstinence increases testostorone levels 
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11760788

Masturbation is associated with lower psychological health and reproductive well-being 
https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/14681994.2019.1677883

Semen contains compounds that prolong lifespan, fight cancer & heart disease 
https://vitalrecord.tamhsc.edu/spermidine-rich-foods-may-prevent-liver-cancer-extend-lifespan/

Men who are sexually active in their 20s and 30s are more likely to develop prostate cancer 
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/j.1464-410X.2008.08030.x

Masturbation decreases dopamine levels 
https://sites.tufts.edu/emotiononthebrain/2014/11/18/postcoital-neurochemistry-the-blues-and-the-highs/

Watching porn reduces gray matter in prefrontal cortex 
https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapsychiatry/fullarticle/1874574

Porn addiction has similar mechanism with substance addiction 
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4600144/

Making sperm shortens lifespan of male worms 
https://www.nytimes.com/1992/12/03/us/in-worm-at-least-making-sperm-is-found-to-shorten-a-male-s-life.html

Masturbating 3 days in a row decreases sperm count by 20% 
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2054949

Increasing ejaculation frequency decreases sperm count significantly 
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15497706

Prevalence of erectile dysfunction doubled between 2004 and 2013 
http://cir.usc.edu/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/Genital-Image-Sexual-Anxiety-and-Erectile-Dysfunction-Among-Young-Male-Military-Personnel.pdf

Pornography consumption is associated with mental health issues https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6327603/
https://www.nhs.uk/news/neurology/watching-porn-associated-with-male-brain-shrinkage/

https://www.reddit.com/r/pornfree/comments/hijom0/these_are_a_few_of_the_disturbing_facts_about_porn/

